Update windows-bulk-enroll.md (#3623)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/enrollment/windows-bulk-enroll.md

7. Provide your Azure AD credentials to get a bulk token.
   ![Screenshot of signing in to the Windows Configuration Designer app](./media/windows-bulk-enroll/bulk-enroll-cred.png)

> [!NOTE]

> > The account used to request the bulk token must be included in the [MDM user scope](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/enrollment/windows-enroll#enable-windows-automatic-enrollment) that is specified in Azure Active Directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The account used to request the bulk token must be included in the [MDM user scope](/mem/intune/enrollment/windows-enroll#enable-windows-automatic-enrollment) that is specified in Azure AD.
```
